Reorganizing Data section for BDP (#10256)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data.md

layout: dev_guide

guide_top_header: "Data"

> guide_top_text: "Data plays a crucial role in enhancing your customer engagement strategy by enabling you to create personalized experiences, understand customer behavior, and optimize messaging strategies. At Braze, we build all data capabilities with three core things in mind: <br><br>**1.** <a href='/docs/user_guide/data/#making-customer-data-work-harder/'>Make customer data work harder.</a><br> **2.** <a href='/docs/user_guide/data/#enhancing-data-agility-to-drive-performance/'>Enhance data agility to drive performance.</a><br>**3.** <a href='/docs/user_guide/data/#keeping-brands-data-secure-safe-and-compliant/'>Keep brands’ data secure, safe, and compliant.</a>" 

Reviewer: The anchor links don't work 😞

Author: Rats 😮‍💨 Will try fixing it after your review

guide_featured_title: "Braze Data Platform"
guide_featured_list:

>   - name: Data Unification

Reviewer 2: Question on naming of these subsections:

is "unification", "activation", and "distribution" the industry standard terms for these concepts? i am genuinely not very familiar with the nitty gritty of "data" and related terminology, but i just want to verify that when a data expert is googling something about braze, these are the terms they wold intuitively use in their search?

and if you already verified all this with the SME/PM than disregard haha, because i genuinely don't have enough knowledge either way. i've just not heard these terms before (which doesn't mean much).

    link: /docs/user_guide/data/braze_data_platform/unification/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/upload-cloud-01.svg
  - name: Data Activation
    link: /docs/user_guide/data/braze_data_platform/activation/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/zap.svg
  - name: Data Distribution
    link: /docs/user_guide/data/braze_data_platform/distribution/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/users-01.svg
  - name: Technology Partners
    link: /docs/partners/data_and_analytics/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/settings-02.svg

guide_menu_title2: "Data Infrastructure"
guide_menu_list2:
  - name: Data Centers
    link: /docs/user_guide/data/infrastructure/data_centers/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/database-02.svg
  - name: Field-Level Encryption
    link: /docs/user_guide/data/infrastructure/field_level_encryption/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/book-closed.svg
  - name: Data Points
    link: /docs/user_guide/data/infrastructure/data_points/
    image: /assets/img/braze_icons/check-square-broken.svg
---

### Making customer data work harder

> - **Flexible and component-based:** Our overarching goal is to help brands utilize their data more effectively (and fully). Built with a composable architecture, brands can leverage the technologies they need to make their data work harder, without unnecessary middleware. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Flexible and component-based:** Our overarching goal is to help brands utilize their data more effectively and fully. Built with a composable architecture, brands can leverage the technologies they need to make their data work harder, without unnecessary middleware. 
```
These parentheses seem unnecessary. It also feels better to get rid of them because there's another set in the next bullet point.

- **Partner integrations:** We prioritize integrations with best of breed ecosystem technologies (and offer APIs) that make real-time, bi-directional data sharing easy.
- **Stream-processing architecture:** Customers can trigger actions on any data point ingested into Braze for segmentation, orchestration, and personalization.

### Enhancing data agility to drive performance 

- **Easy audience construction:** Reduce reliance on technical teams to create audiences and deliver personalized customer engagement at scale. 
- **Speed and performance:** Engagement data and insights are delivered in real-time, which supports iterative, effective customer engagement, as well as broader business decision-making.

### Keeping brands’ data secure, safe, and compliant

> - **Industry leading security practices:** Conduct regular third-party audits, including SOC 2 Type 2 and ISO 27001, to ensure compliance with the highest industry standards. Maintain a public bug bounty program to proactively address potential vulnerabilities and have a dedicated security team committed to safeguarding customer data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Industry leading security practices:** Conduct regular third-party audits, including SOC 2 Type 2 and ISO 27001, to comply with the highest industry standards. Maintain a public bug bounty program to proactively address potential vulnerabilities and have a dedicated security team committed to safeguarding customer data.
```
